Team Name: TheParents 

Team Members: 

  Stefano Buglione, SAB21S 

  Lauryn Brown, LB16E 

  Marie Schwarz, MCS23G 

  Nicolas Fernandez, NGF22 

Problem Statement: 

  AI is increasingly being used in the healthcare industry as a means to inform, educate, and as a diagnostic tool in medicine. 
  AI has run into issues such as hallucinations and bias when trying to answer complex or context heavy medical questions. 
  There must be a better way to communicate to the user how the AI uses sources to respond to their prompts.  

Project Overview: 

  Due to AI hallucinations and AI bias when answering prompts, our team (TheParents) proposes creating a large language model (LLM) that focuses on a specific part of the medical field called personalized medicine. 
  The LLM will be trained to provide source transparency, where on top of the response prompt, a detailed description of what sources were used to answer the user’s prompt with the provided citation and possible link to the source is provided. 
  It will be deployed as a website providing a text-based interaction where the AI avatar called AMI (Artificial Medical Intelligence) will converse with the user on topics related to personalized medicine. 

Goals: 

  (1) Train and fine-tune a large language model (LLM) to successfully give advice on prompts related to general health-related issues without diagnosing or prescribing anything to the user. 
  (2) Use peer-reviewed and reliable sources as dataset for training. 
  (3) Create an avatar and add text-to-speech to the model for a more interactive experience. 
  (4) Deploy the LLM as a web-based application for public use.

Stretch Goals: 

  (1) Implement a reliability indicator that communicates the strength level of the source used in the response. 
  (2) Personalization features introduced based on user preferences that then adapt recommendations while still being ethical and privacy-focused. 
  (3) Add a speech-to-text function to allow users to interact with the LLM using voice input. 
  (4) Collect user feedback to evaluate efficiency and effectiveness.

Specifications: 

  The LLM will be trained using a NVidia RTX 5070 ti and/or a cloud service such as google Collab depending on training time and computational cost. 
  The project backend will be mainly written in Python due to its access to libraries such as:
    (1) Tensorflow
    (2) PyTorch
    (3) and Keras. 
